= Speedy 

Speedy is a utility for Phusion Passenger / ModRails, specifically develop to automate the process of creating virtual host and deployments in development environment.

== Install

  gem install speedy

You may need to uninstall the older version if it's installed.

  gem uninstall speedy


== Usage

=== Deployment

To deploy a Rails application first you need to open the terminal and navigate to particular application root folder and type

  sudo speedy deploy

As default this command will deploy the application with the root folder name.

E.g. If your application folder name is ‘example’, this will create the virtual host as ‘example.local’.

If you wish, you can explicitly specify a name for the virtual host when you run the deploy command.

  sudo speedy deploy custom_name.local

---

  sudo speedy deploy <root dir name>.local
  
  sudo speedy deploy

Are equivalent.

=== Clean Apache – Passenger (ModRails) configurations

You can use speedy to do clean Apache – ModRails configuration.

*Step* 01: Install Passenger gem

  sudo gem install  passenger

*Step* 02 : Install the Apache module

  passenger-install-apache2-module

*Step* 03: Copy the “Load module” configuration in to the Clipboard.

*Step* 04: Now without doing any further configurations install Speedy

  sudo gem install speedy

*Step* 05: Tell the speedy to do the clean Passenger configurations

  sudo speedy config-passenger

*Step* 06: Speedy will open a blank file in vi editor. Paste the “Load module” configurations save and exit (Unix command => “ :wq”).

That’s it.  In this process Speedy keeps spate the passenger configs without mixing them main server configuration file like apache2.conf (in Linux) files.


=== Update Passenger

Once you install the latest version of Passenger, just run the same command.

  sudo speedy config-passenger

Speedy will open the same configuration file. Just change the version of the Passenger, save and exit.



== Help

To view all available commands, run it with the +--help+ or +-h+ option.

  speedy --help
  speedy -h



== Development

This project can be found on github at the following URL.

http://github.com/mohamedaslam/speedy

If you wish the generators behaved differently, please consider
forking the project and modifying to your heart's content.
